## Task 4 — Scenario Walk-Through

Provide a written explanation (no more than 1-2 paragraphs) of a typical scenario walk-through for your CRC model. Try to choose a scenario that will really demonstrate to your TA that your model is doing a good job satisfying your specification! This will also help you better visualize how your program might look like once you start coding.


We can divide it into two scenarios: the employer scenario and the employee scenario. Employer Scenario: Firstly, the boss (employer) wants to use this HR system for the first time, the system shows him the log-in page using the UserSystemController. The first thing he needs to do is to register himself through the registration button UserManager use case, we will need to enter his ID, username, password, salary, and attendance. After he successfully registered himself, the system will send him back to the login page. The employer logins in, then we can see a list of all the employees with their detailed information. The employer has access to all the files and can edit if the employer wants to raise or lower an employee’s salary using the SalaryManagement use case of the SalarySystemController. Noticed that only the employer has the authorization to create an employee account. (So far, everyone can create a User since our code did not add the restriction on different users’ rights.) Now we consider the Employee Scenario: an employee who is recruited by an employer should get his username and temporary password from the employer. The system will show the employee the log-in page, he will use his username and password to login in. We believe the first time the employee logs in, the system will ask him to reset the password (since normally it is a temporary password). The employee logs in to the system and he can see his profile page, he now can see all his personal information including the attendance and the detailed components of his salary. 
